I see what it is with players like songs like this
that's what I try
because it's split enough, it's welcome right now
count a new table on the side of the star
but what we wanted you to go back to the road all started
that is to say on the side called the left bank at the crossroads ferry and to see it
so always it is with the rendezvous for this famous address
out of the field of course is not there or so that from time to time a
passionate
they want around the world but he has always left behind
sacred holding
grain kientzheim
the address is she remained he names in this data is adherent very decor
dark with the tubs of the rolls were a little
in europe place a little austere
but to a man it works well
always the same dynamic and the good roll looters and the servers are
dressed in black as the rows the machined it is a little tolerance a
is a little alcatraz rise as the other would say it's a little village of
president encrypt what I mean
Clement stop sneering like that just because believe me it
brake system in serious this is the series
when the players workshop a chance my scallops business with the
truffle
so that's crazy that knows
we have the exact answer to what is proposed on the map and even better
it is probably not perfection but it is a work of
gbagbo like that you do not play beef for 40
and to a repurchase France says
impeccable finally we can then give them decor and listen to
serious of the address at least the company frankly sharp I
rarely seen such consistency in quality the survival time is
always there and that is what makes this opinion around the world succeed
god supporters why because it is to unite the counter twoio there is a
kind of
biblical simplicity in the plate the products are excellent in fact
that's how we make a restaurant without clement all it takes is a little bit of
fervor from behind and we feel it in front of us because chefs cook
almost in front of his dolphin in slight shift through debts
the displays and shelves but we feel that there is a kind
of fit between them the any application finds that a bit more the
tension that in addition imitated plate that is almost delivered in its own juice
dance economic activities
everything was good even the desserts and are not too complicated we always
a little presentation
with his arabesques but he also worked class for example are
real ice cream that is to say that are closed they have fresh my taste
what to say that to say otherwise he has nothing to say I think it's part of
very good addresses of paris
it's not cheap you have to be careful but if you wish well between
different proposals with the plates sincerely we keep a
excellent memory